Update fleets for reference section (#2012)
balena-io/docs: shared/general/host-ssh.md

* `NetworkManager.service` - The underlying Network Manager service, ensuring that configured connections are used for networking.
* `os-config.service` - Retrieves settings and configs from the API endpoint, including certificates, authorized keys, the VPN config, etc.
* `openvpn.service` - The VPN service itself, which connects to the {{ $names.cloud.lower }} VPN, allowing a device to come online.

> * `balena.service` - The [{{ $names.engine.lower }}][balena-engine] service, the modified Docker daemon fork that allows the management and running of fleet service images, containers, volumes, and networking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `balena.service` - The [{{ $names.engine.lower }}][balena-engine] service, the modified Docker daemon fork that allows the management and running of service images, containers, volumes, and networking.
```

> * `balena-supervisor.service` - The {{ $names.company.short }} Supervisor service, responsible for the management of fleets, including downloading updates for and self-healing (via monitoring) of those fleets, variables (fleet/device), and exposure of these services to fleets via an endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `balena-supervisor.service` - The {{ $names.company.short }} Supervisor service, responsible for the management of releases, including downloading updates for and self-healing (via monitoring), variables (fleet/device), and exposure of these services to fleets via an API endpoint.
```

> * `dbus.service` - The DBus daemon socket which can be used by fleets by applying the _io.balena.features.dbus_ [label][labels], which exposes it in-container. This allows fleets to control several host OS features, including the Network Manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `dbus.service` - The DBus daemon socket which can be used by containers by applying the _io.balena.features.dbus_ [label][labels], which exposes it in-container. This allows you to control several host OS features, including the Network Manager.
```

### Understand the file system

> In some cases, you may need to examine the contents of certain directories or files directly. One location that is useful for troubleshooting purposes is the `/data` directory, which contains your device's Docker images, [persistent fleet data][persistent-storage], and host OS update logs. The `boot` directory includes configuration files, such as [config.json][config-json], [config.txt][config-txt] and [**NetworkManager** connections][network].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases, you may need to examine the contents of certain directories or files directly. One location that is useful for troubleshooting purposes is the `/data` directory, which contains your device's Docker images, [persistent data][persistent-storage], and host OS update logs. The `boot` directory includes configuration files, such as [config.json][config-json], [config.txt][config-txt] and [**NetworkManager** connections][network].
```
